Minor addition in source types (#799)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/get-started/quickstart.mdx

For more information on sources in RudderStack, refer to the <Link to="/sources/">Sources</Link> guide.
</div>

4. Choose a data source from the list of available sources. RudderStack supports the following types of sources:
 
    - <Link to="/sources/sdks/">SDKs</Link>: Collect your event data from web, mobile, and server-side apps, then route it to a wide array of customer tools and data warehouses.

>     - <Link to="/sources/cloud-apps/">Cloud Apps</Link>: Collect your event data from all the sites and applications and route it to the desired destinations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - <Link to="/sources/cloud-apps/">Cloud Apps</Link>: Ingest event data from your cloud apps and route it to the desired destinations.
```
